Your Life in Color
“The color of independence and intelligence, gold is a booster shot of tenacity and motivation. Gold light is used for prioritizing and goal setting. It helps transform all negative thought patterns and replace them with positive, productive thinking. Gold light is seen around entrepreneurs, inventors, self-starters, and people who enjoy being alone.
Gold light invokes self-confidence, independence, and motivation. It is an appropriate color for self-employed people and those who would simply like to assert more independence.
There are many references to gold’s regal energy spanning history, religion, and art. In Hinduism, gold is symbolic of knowledge, learning, meditation, and mental development. It is frequently associated with reliability and wisdom, such as with the terms gold standard or the golden years of our lives. In the Bible, the three wise men gifted Jesus with gold upon his birth, representing his kingship. In ancient Egypt, Ra was the sun god often referred to as the leader of all the gods. Many civilizations throughout history used gold as currency, starting with Asia Minor thousands of years ago. I often see the color gold around clients who are the providers for their families.
Recently, I was invited to speak at an inspirational event co-created by my dear friend Ramey Warren and her colleague Nicole Richie. It was a perfect opportunity to spread positive energy to a mainstream audience, with keynote speakers such as Marianne Williamson. The Oprah Winfrey Network loved the idea and wanted to film the event as a media partner. David and I got so excited when we heard about this empowering vision. He offered to create a website for them, and he set an intention to help in any way possible.
David has been my manager for about eight years now. We are not only a couple but also dynamic and supportive colleagues. Although he is a pivotal part of my business, David normally prefers blending into the background. Because of this, I often get most of the credit, while he is perceived as my assistant. As we evolved together, David wanted to step more into his own personal power and had been activating gold to help himself.
One day, he had a meeting to help plan the event, and I cleared the breakfast plates so he could get ready. We have an unspoken understanding in our house that whenever one of us has a big work day, the other takes care of housework by making breakfast, cleaning up, and the like.
“I’m feeling really nervous, Doogy,” David says over breakfast.
“Really? You’re going to be great! There is nothing to worry about.”
“I just want to do a good job. I kept waking up last night, trying to think of the right color to activate before this meeting. My mind was jumping around. Purple for leadership? Maybe red would be best to be heart-centered? Or orange could be helpful for balance? What do you think is the best color for me to use today?”
“Gold for sure. It will help you feel independent and confident in your thought. This meeting is about prioritizing goals for the event. If you activate gold this morning, you will organize your thoughts and walk in with the confident energy that says ‘I am capable of doing this!’”
“Gold it is,” he says.
“I don’t own any gold clothing!” he announces a few minutes later from the closet.
“I should hope not. We don’t want you showing up looking like an Oscar statue. And you don’t have to literally wear the color to invoke the energy. Now that you’ve activated it, just visualize it and allow it to give you a boost of confidence.”
David meditated with gold that morning and wore his grandfather’s antique gold watch as a color prop. He relayed he loved touching his watch anytime he wanted a boost of powerful gold energy all morning. The conference was a huge success, and I was so proud to watch David take on a powerful role and proudly stand in his gold light.
This is just one example of how color can play a role in your life. Just like David was nervous before his big meeting, you may be presented with a business opportunity that triggers insecurity. In this case, activate gold, because it will awaken the business side of you. The more you invoke that energy of independence, the more it will embed itself in your being right when you need it.
Gold is traditionally considered a masculine energy in the healing arts, while silver is perceived as a feminine energy. However, in my opinion, these are just gender roles and not truly representative of how these energies work inside of us as people. I believe we are all naturally blessed with a masculine and a feminine side. We all have the ability to access either energy whenever we want, although this may feel like a struggle depending on the culture that we live in.
For better or worse, society tends to view men as being more independent, confident in their opinions, and easily able step into their masculine role. Women, on the other hand, are expected to be more sensitive, compassionate, and generally heart-centered. I want you to know this is an illusion. You have unlimited access to the best aspects of both masculine and feminine energy

摘录来自: Dougall Fraser. “Your Life in Color”。 iBooks. 
